What skills and experience do you have that would make you a 
good fit for this role? 

Having previously worked within the partnership I have developed the 
relevant skills and experience. These skills have moulded me into demonstrating
the knowledge of customer service, creative thinking and being performance drivem. 
Being a customer service supervisor in the partnership allowed me 
to develop my creativity by always pushing me and learning new things
everyday. By dealing with cutomer queries to handling the checkouts 
and delivering outstanding customer service.



I was attracted to this role as I’ve previously worked for the John Lewis 
partnership in a customer facing capacity at a Waitrose store. Therefore, 
I share and fully understand the importance of placing the customer experience 
at the highest levels of importance. I appreciate the need for the customer to 
be actively engaged by a retailer even when they’re not browsing the website or 
shopping in the stores directly as this enables retailers to maintain connections 
and rapport with customers. Paid Search enables the retailer to suggest products to 
customers, or potential customers, in ways that may not have been previously apparent, 
maximising sales potential and allowing customers to feel like they’re always at the centre of the retail experience.  




As I’ve previously worked for the partnership, I have developed the relevant skills needed for this role, 
tailored specifically towards the John Lewis identity and brand. I am an excellent communicator and 
understand that as a Paid Search Executive I would need to ensure my words are understood and interpreted
correctly. Alongside this, the communication needs to tell a story. As this allows the customers to more 
easily recognise and remember whatever is communicated if it's in the form of a story. I believe in attention to detail. 
Ensuring every detail is checked and analyses can ensure that what's being communicated is exactly as intended. 
As a search professional data, and data analysis is a major component of the job and I believe I'm suited to this. 
I’m proficient at Excel and have experience in coding. My previous employment as an infrastructure analyst enabled me 
to work alongside large corporations in tailoring their data driven applications to work for their specific workflow. I believe I can transfer those skills to this role. 




Excellent performance in this role would look like a competent and successful paid search campaign that ensures 
the right message is communicated and the right customers are targeted.  This may include a variety of factors including 
optimised and innovative methods of communicating. A continuous development of both the team and the campaigns. 
An attention to the details regarding these is often the most important factor to ensure the success of both my own 
and the company's performance. I would strive to ensure the team and I deliver the best results in terms of marketing 
efficiency and KPI by maximising the development of initiatives designed to meet this.


